Each section and variable in user_input.cfg is explained here:


1. Section: REQUIRED
	Don't leave any of the variables under this section empty. If you do so the script will fail.
	So, please fill all the values in this section.
	
	a. vaccine
		Enter the vaccine name you want to search for. Currently supported choice by COWIN app are 'COVISHIELD', 'COVAXIN' and 'SPUTNIK V'
		You can enter single, double or all three vaccines to enable customised search.
		If entering more than one vaccine, separate by comma and vaccine names should be in capital.
	
	b. min_age
		Enter the minimum age of the slot you want to fetch. Currently supported options are 18,45.
		Enter one or both values(comma separated).
	c. fee
		Enter whether you want a free or paid slot. Type 'Free' for free slot, 'Paid' otherwise.
		You can also enter both(comma separated).
	d. pincode
		Enter the pincode of your area.
	e. user_agent
		On google type 'my user agent' and paste the result under this field.

2. Section: OPTIONAL
	All variables under this section are optional and have been provided some default values.

	a. dose
		You can enter dose as '1' or '2' depending on whether you are getting first shot or second respectively.
		You can leave empty or enter '1,2' if you want all the slots to be displayed where any dose(1 or 2) is available.
	b. date
		This defines the date for which you want to get the slots. It will take default date as the next date of current date(i.e. if you run script on 22-05-2021, default date will be 23-05-2021).
		You can also enter any preferrable date in format '22-05-2021' represents 22 may, 2021. Enter only one date.
	c. search_by
		This script also allows you to get slots by your district_id rather than pin code(pincode api is the default case)
		You should enter keyword 'district_id' here and then follow the steps:
			1. district_id
				Enter the district_id value in the variable 'district_id'. In case you fail to enter district_id, script will fail.
			2. If you are unable to find district_id then you can use 'get_districts()' function provided in utils.py and replace the state_id with your corresponding state id in file 'state_id.json'
	d. timeout
		This is the time for which script sleeps after unsuccessfully looking for a slot. Default is set to 15 mins.
		You can enter any integer and the process will sleep for that many minutes.
	e. max_retries
		This is the maximum no. of unsuccessful retries the script will make before exiting. The default is sys.maxsize.
		If you prefer less retries, you can enter any integer.

3. Section: TWILIO
	These are the credentials you get after opening free twilio account. Just copy paste them from there website.
	d. receiver_no
		Enter the no. on which you wish to receive notifications.
